zone
jazz introduce yourself please roll your finger
of your million
arzhan service older deploy see
fly away banished such reasons
name you have
Alzhan car orientation
azik well, let me read what arzhans 1
this
la vida passed on chest tone 283
what document on the right I ask you
as he wished kind of wake up rewrite
Then I have to stand with one scooter and
farther
and failure if the logical reduction in price
what else
technical passport insurance of those passport and
registration certificate
insurance
so insurance policy why why
211 what the question was, do not look here
so established cases
look here
let's hang out, I driver
drag bored at home
bought a car
sleep Petrovich no no no no no
I use beautiful on all.biz
ok and didn't know ok no change
I do not use at all
I wanted to ask you why I owe you
show but for some reason there is an inspector in
I was not asked to eat from whom there is everything
there according to his 11 according to 211 i
insurance policy bringing in
in established cases
In the first case
after 2 sucked registration
that is, when checking documents you
can only edit availability
there are numbers or something to check please
great goes there is a law that is one for
all but i will show you pass it on to you
there will be no hands
sense we i don't teach i tell you my
the rights
or him or not this is wrong
students leprosy asking me
Garrus youtube ask what
Now I will say that the presence of you
should check it out not hard wait
i tell you i will show on hand pass
I will not be insurance policy
justifying because you have the right
check the insurance policy in two cases
traffic accident and
car registration or is it not so well
and so or not you read about yourself
all know i'll show you rub
transfer will not rule i'm looking for me
insurance bar I will show you pass
he was helped by the noise matches
it looks
of course there is a checkup
seconds
not
I know about my rights and my duties.
and the forest itself was of course
how not to pass the retake myself
just I flunked the theory and then handed over until
but does not mean it's OK not all our
I will only sign there by driving
Human well here without a car went by foot to the
ruffalo in our crook all long